Updating task metrics to micrometer 2.0 (#836)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-task: docs/src/main/asciidoc/features.adoc

set the `spring.cloud.task.closecontextEnabled` property to `true` when launching your task.
This will close the application's context once the task is complete.
Thus allowing the application to terminate.

> [[enable-task-metrics]]
> === Enable Task Metrics
> Spring Cloud Task integrates with Micrometer and collects metrics for both `Observation` and `LongTaskTimer`.
> To enable Task metrics integration, you must add the `spring-boot-starter-actuator`,
> preferred registry implementation, and the micrometer core to your task application.
> An example maven set of dependencies to enable task metrics using Influx would be:

Reviewer: How about calling out that this is not only about metrics but more?

```suggestion
[[enable-task-observability]]
=== Enable Task Observability
Spring Cloud Task integrates with Micrometer and creates observations for the Tasks it executes.
To enable Task Observability integration, you must add `spring-boot-starter-actuator`, your preferred registry implementation (if you want to publish metrics), and micrometer-tracing (if you want to publish tracing data) to your task application.
An example maven set of dependencies to enable task observability and metrics using Influx would be:
```

[source,xml]
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-actuator</artifactId>
</dependency>
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.micrometer</groupId>
    <artifactId>micrometer-registry-influx</artifactId>
    <version>1.10.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
    <scope>runtime</scope>
</dependency>

> <dependency>

Reviewer: Actuator should bring this in, I think we can remove it from the example (eventually?).

Author: Agreed
